`azurerm_kubernetes_cluster` - support for the `web_app_routing` property (#18667)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

---

A `web_app_routing` block supports the following:

> * `dns_zone_id` - (Required) Specifies the ID of the DNS Zone to be associated with the web app when Web App Routing is enabled.

Reviewer: Suggestion on wording and explanation of the property

```suggestion
* `dns_zone_id` - (Required) Specifies the ID of the DNS Zone in which DNS entries are created for applications deployed to the cluster when Web App Routing is enabled.

```
